
My Unprocessed Documents
# My Unprocessed Documents


My Unprocessed Documents

Help
## Help

View my unprocessed documents

Window Type
### Window Type

**Query Only**

:::tip
The Sales Transaction checkbox indicates if this item is a Sales Transaction.
:::

Tabs
## Tabs


Unprocessed Documents
### Unprocessed Documents


:::tip
If not selected, the user cannot create a new Record.  This is automatically disabled, if the Tab is Read Only.
:::
Fields
## Fields


Client
### Client

**Description**
 *Client/Tenant for this installation.*
**Help**
 *A Client is a company or a legal entity. You cannot share data between Clients. Tenant is a synonym for Client.*

Organization
### Organization

**Description**
 *Organizational entity within client*
**Help**
 *An organization is a unit of your client or legal entity - examples are store, department. You can share data between organizations.*

Table
### Table

**Description**
 *Database Table information*
**Help**
 *The Database Table provides the information of the table definition*

Record ID
### Record ID

**Description**
 *Direct internal record ID*
**Help**
 *The Record ID is the internal unique identifier of a record. Please note that zooming to the record may not be successful for Orders, Invoices and Shipment/Receipts as sometimes the Sales Order type is not known.*

Document No
### Document No

**Description**
 *Document sequence number of the document*
**Help**
 *The document number is usually automatically generated by the system and determined by the document type of the document. If the document is not saved, the preliminary number is displayed in "<>".

If the document type of your document has no automatic document sequence defined, the field is empty if you create a new document. This is for documents which usually have an external number (like vendor invoice).  If you leave the field empty, the system will generate a document number for you. The document sequence used for this fallback number is defined in the "Maintain Sequence" window with the name "DocumentNo_<TableName>", where TableName is the actual name of the table (e.g. C_Order).*

Document Date
### Document Date

**Description**
 *Date of the Document*
**Help**
 *The Document Date indicates the date the document was generated.  It may or may not be the same as the accounting date.*

Account Date
### Account Date

**Description**
 *Accounting Date*
**Help**
 *The Accounting Date indicates the date to be used on the General Ledger account entries generated from this document. It is also used for any currency conversion.*

Document Status
### Document Status

**Description**
 *The current status of the document*
**Help**
 *The Document Status indicates the status of a document at this time.  If you want to change the document status, use the Document Action field*

Processed
### Processed

**Description**
 *The document has been processed*
**Help**
 *The Processed checkbox indicates that a document has been processed.*

Process Now
### Process Now


Sales Transaction
### Sales Transaction

**Description**
 *This is a Sales Transaction*
**Help**
 *The Sales Transaction checkbox indicates if this item is a Sales Transaction.*

Active
### Active

**Description**
 *The record is active in the system*
**Help**
 *There are two methods of making records unavailable in the system: One is to delete the record, the other is to de-activate the record. A de-activated record is not available for selection, but available for reports.
There are two reasons for de-activating and not deleting records:
(1) The system requires the record for audit purposes.
(2) The record is referenced by other records. E.g., you cannot delete a Business Partner, if there are invoices for this partner record existing. You de-activate the Business Partner and prevent that this record is used for future entries.*
