
Production Order Batch
# Production Order Batch



Window Type
### Window Type

**Transaction**

:::tip
The Sales Transaction checkbox indicates if this item is a Sales Transaction.
:::

Tabs
## Tabs


Production Batch
### Production Batch


:::tip
The Single Row Layout checkbox indicates if the default display type for this window is a single row as opposed to multi row.
If not selected, the user cannot create a new Record.  This is automatically disabled, if the Tab is Read Only.
:::
Fields
## Fields


Client
### Client

**Description**
 *Client/Tenant for this installation.*
**Help**
 *A Client is a company or a legal entity. You cannot share data between Clients. Tenant is a synonym for Client.*

Organization
### Organization

**Description**
 *Organizational entity within client*
**Help**
 *An organization is a unit of your client or legal entity - examples are store, department. You can share data between organizations.*

Document No
### Document No

**Description**
 *Document sequence number of the document*
**Help**
 *The document number is usually automatically generated by the system and determined by the document type of the document. If the document is not saved, the preliminary number is displayed in "<>".

If the document type of your document has no automatic document sequence defined, the field is empty if you create a new document. This is for documents which usually have an external number (like vendor invoice).  If you leave the field empty, the system will generate a document number for you. The document sequence used for this fallback number is defined in the "Maintain Sequence" window with the name "DocumentNo_<TableName>", where TableName is the actual name of the table (e.g. C_Order).*

Document Type
### Document Type

**Description**
 *Document type or rules*
**Help**
 *The Document Type determines document sequence and processing rules*

Movement Date
### Movement Date

**Description**
 *Date a product was moved in or out of inventory*
**Help**
 *The Movement Date indicates the date that a product moved in or out of inventory.  This is the result of a shipment, receipt or inventory movement.*

Active
### Active

**Description**
 *The record is active in the system*
**Help**
 *There are two methods of making records unavailable in the system: One is to delete the record, the other is to de-activate the record. A de-activated record is not available for selection, but available for reports.
There are two reasons for de-activating and not deleting records:
(1) The system requires the record for audit purposes.
(2) The record is referenced by other records. E.g., you cannot delete a Business Partner, if there are invoices for this partner record existing. You de-activate the Business Partner and prevent that this record is used for future entries.*

Description
### Description

**Description**
 *Optional short description of the record*
**Help**
 *A description is limited to 255 characters.*

Product
### Product

**Description**
 *Product, Service, Item*
**Help**
 *Identifies an item which is either purchased or sold in this organization.*

Target Quantity
### Target Quantity

**Description**
 *Target Movement Quantity*
**Help**
 *The Quantity which should have been received*

Locator
### Locator

**Description**
 *Warehouse Locator*
**Help**
 *The Locator indicates where in a Warehouse a product is located.*

Ordered Quantity
### Ordered Quantity

**Description**
 *Ordered Quantity*
**Help**
 *The Ordered Quantity indicates the quantity of a product that was ordered.*

Reserved Quantity
### Reserved Quantity

**Description**
 *Reserved Quantity*
**Help**
 *The Reserved Quantity indicates the quantity of a product that is currently reserved.*

Qty Completed
### Qty Completed


Order Count
### Order Count


Create Move
### Create Move


Automatic Production
### Automatic Production


Activity
### Activity

**Description**
 *Business Activity*
**Help**
 *Activities indicate tasks that are performed and used to utilize Activity based Costing*

Project
### Project

**Description**
 *Financial Project*
**Help**
 *A Project allows you to track and control internal or external activities.*

Campaign
### Campaign

**Description**
 *Marketing Campaign*
**Help**
 *The Campaign defines a unique marketing program.  Projects can be associated with a pre defined Marketing Campaign.  You can then report based on a specific Campaign.*

User List 1
### User List 1

**Description**
 *User defined list element #1*
**Help**
 *The user defined element displays the optional elements that have been defined for this account combination.*

User List 2
### User List 2

**Description**
 *User defined list element #2*
**Help**
 *The user defined element displays the optional elements that have been defined for this account combination.*

Document Status
### Document Status

**Description**
 *The current status of the document*
**Help**
 *The Document Status indicates the status of a document at this time.  If you want to change the document status, use the Document Action field*

Process Production Batch
### Process Production Batch


Processed
### Processed

**Description**
 *The document has been processed*
**Help**
 *The Processed checkbox indicates that a document has been processed.*

Posted
### Posted

**Description**
 *Posting status*
**Help**
 *The Posted field indicates the status of the Generation of General Ledger Accounting Lines*
